DOC: Update links, typos in contributing guide (#3160)
nipy/nipype: CONTRIBUTING.md

Before you start you'll need to set up a free [GitHub][link_github] account and sign in. Here are some [instructions][link_signupinstructions].
If you are not familiar with version control systems such as git,

>  introductions and tutorials may be found [here](http://www.reproducibleimaging.org/module-reproducible-basics/02-vcs/).

Reviewer: W3C has [recommendations](https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere) for link text. I think we can rewrite this a bit better (and fix the broken link):

```suggestion
we recommend the [VCS module](http://www.reproducibleimaging.org/module-reproducible-basics/02-vcs/)
available from [ReproNim](http://www.reproducibleimaging.org/).
```
